##Brian - instructor
##Carolina - TA
##Brandon - TA

##Cool new classmates
- Ray
- Ana
- Ron
- Matt
- David
- Dan
- Jigmee
- Joel

##High-level Overview:
* Rails - piece of code that someone else wrote that you can put in your file
* Git vs. Github
* HTML5
* CSS
* Bootstrap - makes rules for you. Pain in the neck (we will see on Thursday).
* Schema Design - how your data is connected to each other. Think FB (all of your posts, likes, data.) They need to be able to connect you as a user to their data.
* SQL (Structured Query Language) (PostgreSQL) - language of relational databases
    * NoSQL (Mongo)
* JavaScript - Language used in browser. Logic for your broswer
    * AngularJS - JS framework. Updates page and database at the same time

##Industry Best Practices
* Open Source
* Agile - PM organizational method
* Test Driven Development - a way to write a test to make sure it does a thing
* API's (application program interface) - your website goes to another website, grabs some info an comes back.

##Coding in the Real World:
- Professionalism
- Communication
- Making Tradeoffs
- Working with other people's code
- Working with non-technical people

Pragmatism
- Getting Things Done

Collaboration
- Taking Initiative
- Tinkering
- Always be learning

##Gists - if you copy and paste a gist link into your Medium blog it will output a code box.

##Using the terminal is much faster than navigating through UI folders.
- ls -a shows hidden files. files that start with a . are hidden/system files
- pwd tells you what folder you are in
- ls -l gives you a list
- ls -al 
- la -la does the same thing 
- clear clear terminal, but can scroll up 
- cmd k clear but can't scroll up 
- tab will autocomplete for you which you can use to make sure that you are in the right folder and to prevent typos
- ls - GF 
- teleporting - folder names need to be unique
- cd ../ go back one directory
- mkdir makes new directory (Remmber to cd into that folder)
- touch makes a new file 
- echo Text >> adds text into a new file 
- cat Filename and it will show what is in the file 
- rm removes file. Doesn't confirm delete. There is no way to recover file.
- rmdir removes empty folders 
- rm -rf will delete everything (be careful using this command)
spaces confuse terminal 
- say allows computer to speak
- history 20 shows last 20 commands that you did 
    ! command number
- cd ~ goes to home folder 
- cd / all the way to the root folder (for installing things) 
- cat filename | say => use this command to have the contents of one of the files spoken aloud

##Git
* commits - use in the present tense
    
##What am I responsible for to help me get unstuck?
##What are others responsible for to help me get unstuck?

1. My code is blowing up?
- Read the error and find the right error line
- When in doubt, p it out 
- Print the variables near the error lines

2. I don't know how to get started
- Pseudo-code
- Google

###Exercises
<http://codekata.com/kata/kata04-data-munging/>