#notes
- stop writing 12 lines of code before running it.
- write fewer lines and then test.

#inheritance
- you can only inherit from one class but there can be a chain of inheritances.
- if you have a duplicate method in the child class, ruby will run that method instead of looking in the inherited class.
- learned how to make a new parent class

##`super`
- The way super handles arguments is as follows:
    - When you invoke super with no arguments Ruby sends a message to the parent of the current object, asking it to invoke a method of the same name as the method invoking super. It automatically forwards the arguments that were passed to the method from which it's called.
    - Called with an empty argument list - `super()`-it sends no arguments to the higher-up method, even if arguments were passed to the current method.
    - Called with specific arguments - `super(a, b, c)` - it sends exactly those arguments.

##other new terms
- attr_reader
- attr_writer
- attr_accessor

##hot keys for sublime
- <http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/reference/keyboard_shortcuts_osx.html>

###Exercise 1
- Create a new file called inheritance_example.rb and open it in Sublime.
- Copy the Car and Bicycle class into your file: <https://gist.github.com/peterxjang/e9b69b4de36b2c41ef4b> 
- Use inheritance to DRY up the classes. Note - a car is NOT a type of bicycle, and a bicycle is NOT a type of car!
- To test it, create a bicycle and car instance from your newly modified classes (you can create them at the bottom of your file). First, have them accelerate. Then, make sure a bike can “Ring ring!” and a car "Beeeeeeep!"
- Bonus: Read more about inheritance and object hierarchy in Ruby here: >https://www.leighhalliday.com/object-hierarchy-in-ruby>

###Exercise 2
- Create a new file called manager.rb. Paste in the code from <https://github.com/acltc/object-oriented-ruby/blob/498e769ae3d93df6b1562ad8e84bd8a1aeda398c/manager.rb> 
- Create a method in the Manager class called give_all_raises that loops through each of the manager’s employees and gives them a raise (using the give_annual_raise method). Demonstrate how it works.
- Create a method in the Manager class called fire_all_employees that loops through each of the manager’s employees and changes their active status to false. (note - you’ll have to modify the Employee class in order to accomplish this!)
- Bonus: What happens when you define a method in the Employee and Manager class with the same name? Read more about method overriding here: http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/ruby_overriding_methods.html

###Exercise 3
- Open the inheritance_example.rb file from the previous example.
- Add car specific attributes to the Car class (fuel, make, model, etc.) and bicycle specific attributes to the Bicycle class (speed, type, weight, etc.). - Use the super method to keep the initialize methods DRY.
- Open the store_item.rb file you created from the previous lesson.
Some of your store items are food, which have a shelf life. Create a class called Food which inherits from your original class and has an additional property of shelf_life.
- Bonus: Read about the differences between redefining, overriding, and super. Complete the exercise at the end to get the tests to pass: https://rubymonk.com/learning/books/4-ruby-primer-ascent/chapters/37-classes-inheritance/lessons/88-redefining-overriding-and-super

